[Music]
Everyone prepare to welcome a greater joy
Sister, is there ever a day as joyful as today?
Greetings to all diligent
friends! Sweat, sweat,
this is the market, a part of our stomachs.
Tomorrow is the
8th month, dear fellow practitioners.
This Dharma center always carries the
stomachs of the Buddhists of Ba Vang Temple.
[Applause]
The hands that made the meals for the great
Buddha's birthday celebration. My
heart shines on the shop, sister, I'm just visiting you all, dear fellow practitioners.
Greetings to you all!
In the offering of the meal by the Venerable monks.
Consider it the work of the farmers and
the work of the cooks to have this meal
today. Dear fellow practitioners, you see each
offering of the meal, please rejoice, dear fellow practitioners.
The fellow practitioners in the kitchen are very hardworking.
So much work in our house, it
must be said that it is very wonderful, dear fellow practitioners. It is
very wonderful, but the hands and
hearts here are
all hands and hearts. May
we all receive blessings
and good fortune for many lifetimes and be happy and peaceful.
This is the number of sticky rice cakes to serve.  This is for
tomorrow's Buddha's Birthday celebration, dear fellow
devotees. See? There
are so many sticky rice cakes, so much rice, all
kinds of food. We've been
working all night, starting from 6 PM yesterday.
Our Buddha's Birthday celebration today
is for 28,000 people, not including those who went to
Ben Luc early. We'll probably have
30,000 people eating dinner tonight. Tomorrow it will probably
be 60,000 people. So, the
cooking team has been working from 6 PM on the 1st of the month
until now, dear fellow devotees.
So, each of us can take
a box of rice and give it to any of
you in the kitchen, the food service team of
Ba Vang Pagoda. Come on, fellow
devotees, it's wonderful! I knew you wouldn't want to be here today. I'm
announcing to you all that because it's the
basement, there's no sunlight,
so you all have forgotten
what the sky is like. It's
already 1 AM!
1 AM today!  The 2nd and tomorrow is the
3rd, a major Buddhist festival. There's still
some time left during the day, so
please give some alms.
Consider it hard work. Perhaps in this
next life, this group will never know
what words mean, and will
never experience hunger.
This group, this army, will
never know what hunger is. In the
next life, if any fellow practitioners come to our house to
ask for alms, please try to give alms like Mr. Anathapindika.
A lot of alms! Wishing all fellow practitioners good
health! Take care of your health, and I wish
you good health!
[music]